you'll never guess what just happened oh
my daughter yesterday on the radio they
said at the vocal coach of heidi montag
amin heidi montag you heard her songs
yes and through singing talents so yeah
her vocal coaches coming to my accounts
you're gonna teach one lucky kid goku
lessons so yeah you're supposed to send
in a video of you sitting so i sat in a
video of me lip-syncing and they thought
was really new singing and they picked
me I need to know it wasn't really me
singing but just like my mom said it up
the social workers always trying to get
into our house what they don't know
about our family won't hurt them at all
it really move so yeah keep coming over
in a little bit and your skin brown hair
LA with my singing abilities oh yeah you
heard me sing you know what I'm talking
about obviously my voice is already
perfect any you're probably wondering
why you need lessons from you you're
leaving but I mean you're gonna put we
have one more level above perfection
it's just going to be amazing okay where
do you think if I'm a whole bunch of
people are in just one person you have
to drink some straight out and luster
and it really good soon as you're
hopeful for the makes and perform at
their hi honey it's prob a scientific
recording
oh my vocal cords feel real good why not
now so yeah I'm just really came fraid
how you're doing hi get rid of the
doorbell use walk right in that's kind
of rude just kidding huh oh boy ok Fred
well I'm to get started I'm can you play
the piano oh yeah of course I can pay a
hero oh that's great we'll just sit down
and play a song and sing along and we'll
see how it goes ok I'll get right down
to it ok start whenever you're ready
Fred ok
hey Sal let you think they'll go Keegan
well I'm so you said you played other
instruments what are these other
instruments well I'm I just call this
the dog horn you go buy into its right
but it makes a beautiful noise yeah it's
pretty good you're jealous aren't you
tell me you're jealous hi just getting
good ok Fred well now I'll teach you
some very good vocal techniques whatever
you say vocal teacher you're just so
talented I love you Oh Fred well well
Fred I'm the first thing we're gonna do
is just try to hold a note as long as
possible the proper breath support ok
I'll do in a jiffy ok now we're gonna
count night I was coughing so I'm Fred
I'm very sorry to say this but from the
singing technique you've showed me i'm
pretty sure that wasn't your singing in
that video you send I mean I'm not
trying to be mean at all and like trying
to say well I'm trying to say is don't
say what you're going to say because I
know that you're just jealous on a good
finger I know we had done talent shows I
got in my second class placement you
know people are towels on my face in
this world if you're successful people
are jealous it's just the way it goes
uh-huh so you can just leave right now
Miss I keep Heidi Montag because you
just aren't worth the time leave right
now if you think I'm not good enough
last week um well I'm just gonna leave
then because I focal teach Heidi Montag
so I'm too good for this once and for
all I can buy wow that really is an
attitude check as you see you're freaked
out of me wow so not worth the kind i
learned next time maybe i should decide
in my real singing so yeah just really
cares about her anyways have to go so
talk to you later peace out home dog